t - for adding task.
a - for adding appointment.
a + t - for adding appointment and task.
shift + ? - help.
up, down, left, right arrow keys to navigate the UI.
v to view task and calendar for detailed view.
q - to quit program
p + arrow keys- to move a task priority up or down.
d - to delete task or appointment.
x - to mark complete for both task and appointment
u - to update task or appointment. 
s - show diagram tree of to-dos and appointments.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5 for none, daily, weekly, monthly, yearly.


priority is 1-5.

completion level
----------------
not complete
in progress
complete 

task will be label by priority weight.
it will add the task based on priority weight.

so if it a task is added, it will be placed in the task list as 1 being at the top
and 5 being at the bottom.

todo are attached to appointments and appointments are attached to to-dos.

ask for recurrence frequency.

add export and import task and appointments to a file.


functionality
-------------
using doubly linked list.

add a task.
update a task.
delete a task.
add subtask to the main task.
set a recurrence for task.
set time for task.
add an appointment alongside a task.
priority will be set the task to be higher or lower in the task list.
a task should come with a reminder, and if it hits the reminder time it gives it the highest priority.

add notes to a task and an appointment.

add a appointment.
update an appointment.
delete an appointment.
set recurrence type for an appointment.
set a tine for appointment.
add an task alongside an appointment.
priority will be set the appointment to be higher or lower in the appointment list.
a appointment should come with a reminder, and if it hits the reminder time it gives it the highest priority.

add a calendar.
update a calendar.
let calendar be populated with tasks and appointments.


it will all be added to a calendar, the calendar will be the focal point for the application.

task tree could  be implemented later in the development cycle.

Add a note to every subtask within a task.